hey guys this is a real short update
video but about a subject that's
important to me and I know it's
important to maybe fifty or hundred of
my patreon supporters many many months
ago I wrote a children's story book I
wrote it in Chinese it's been translated
into English Japanese Russian German
quite a number of languages and there
was real excitement for the upcoming
process of my getting a professional
illustrator to work on it and then take
this forward to actually publishing it
as a story book so it is in case you
hadn't guessed it's sort of a vegan
propaganda story book it explains some
of the concepts of veganism to children
in a way that you know definitely
parents could sit down and read this
story book to children I'll provide a
link in the description below this video
you can hear the script you can hear the
whole book as if most it's meant to be a
picture book so they're not that many
words there are not that many pages of
text but a lot of the responsibility is
gonna hang on the illustrator so there
was an illustrator who expressed
passionate interest in the project and
for many many months we've been hoping
that she would progress at least past
making concept sketches to really
working on the book and I could get into
the details but it seems like it's a
moot point now it seems like there's
just no point in explaining what has it
hasn't happened because that is not
gonna work out and it's not the case
that I've cancelled the project with her
and I have somebody else or I have a
list of other people of other great
vegan and list traders who can stick
step up and take on this project I would
say that you know if I was just gonna
mention one fact that really pertains to
both the past illustrator and the future
illustrators of the project is that if
you read the story it describes a number
of kind of surreal landscapes where we
look out over a large area it you know
it describes a view of the ocean
it describes a view of various animals
flying in the sky that describes birds
sitting on a telephone wire but you know
there's another scene where it describes
the world as it would be imagined by a
cow that's lived its whole life inside a
factory farmer in the the mechanized you
know me
industry leading into a slaughterhouse
so there are a number of these sort of
landscape views of the world and there
are some there are some Arjun
illustrators who are my patreon
supporters by the way I mean I know I
have one patreon supporter who is a
portrait artist but if you think about
it even if you're comfortable doing a
portrait you know the human face there
on my face and shoulders would have you
it's still quite a creative challenge to
take on that kind of landscape in this
case it's a bit of a surreal and
provocative landscape in the context of
a children's story a children's story
that is in some ways fun and
light-hearted and in some ways a little
bit grim and thought-provoking and and
saddening I mean ultimately this about
animals being slaughtered for meeting
someone so know at this point I still
have not received my very modest
inheritance from the death of my father
I mean nobody even listens to
durianrider anymore but during writers
been saying for more than a year that
I'm supposedly a millionaire because my
father is dead the total amount of money
I stand to inherit for my father's death
is 25 thousand Canadian dollars which is
really nothing in US dollars it's like
20 thousand US dollars I think it's
probably less than 20 thousand euros
whatever the exchange rate is now but
twenty five thousand dollars is a very
modest sum of money and it always was
out of that inheritance that was
planning to pay for the book to be
illustrated I was also hoping that I
could get an artist who was enough of an
independent career illustrator that they
could bring in some of their own except
me know some of their own fans and we
could do something like a Kickstarter
mostly is to promote the book where
people could buy copies of the book in
advance its create hype and expectation
you know among people who are fans of
the artist people who are fans of my
youtube channel and then more broadly
reach out to vegan parents and get some
some hype going through the book however
with things as it stands now it looks
like I'm gonna have to proceed by just
going ahead and hiring a heartless
corporation put it that way you know one
of the for-profit companies that just
provides illustration services on a
straight up you know someone who's not a
vegan activist not an independent artist
cuz I have no other options and the real
question facing me will be do I try to
work with a Canadian illustration
company which has some advantages
Publishing the book in Canada or am I
going to say employ illustration company
corporation based in Taiwan or South
Korea somewhere in Asia so that is the
stage the book project is at now as I've
mentioned I mean anyone who folds
material knows I'm not a millionaire and
I have this very modest inheritance and
I'm looking at really very difficult
chapter of my life coming up where I'm
returning to Canada from living in China
this last year trying to get back into
the Canadian workforce back onto a
viable career path and at the same time
almost all of my money that I have all
the money that I earned is being spent
just trying to spend quality time with
my daughter because I have a very
difficult divorce arrangement and my
ex-wife is not cooperative at all where
I have to fly over to south of France
and spend time with my daughter over
there on a schedule that's really wildly
available with my situation for my own
education career in Canada so that is
what it is but nevertheless this book is
something I really value it's something
evaluated positively in my own life it's
something I value for the future of the
vegan movement and yes absolutely it's a
book I hope to get Illustrated so that I
can sit down and read it with my own
daughter one day